c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\obj\Debug\OpeningANewScreen.g.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\Bin\Debug\OpeningANewScreen.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\Bin\Debug\OpeningANewScreen.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\Bin\Debug\OpeningANewScreen.xap
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\obj\Debug\OpeningANewScreen.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\obj\Debug\OpeningANewScreen.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\obj\Debug\NewScreen.g.i.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\obj\Debug\NewDialog.g.i.cs
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\Bin\Debug\Background.png
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\Bin\Debug\OpeningANewScreen.dll
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\Bin\Debug\OpeningANewScreen.pdb
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\Bin\Debug\OpeningANewScreen.xap
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\obj\Debug\NewDialog.g.i.cs
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\obj\Debug\NewScreen.g.i.cs
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\obj\Debug\OpeningANewScreen.g.resources
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\obj\Debug\OpeningANewScreen.dll
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\obj\Debug\OpeningANewScreen.pdb
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\OpeningANewScreen\OpeningANewScreen\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
