c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\Bin\Debug\DisplayingAlerts.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\Bin\Debug\DisplayingAlerts.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\Bin\Debug\DisplayingAlerts.xap
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\obj\Debug\DisplayingAlerts.g.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\obj\Debug\DisplayingAlerts.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\obj\Debug\DisplayingAlerts.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\Bin\Debug\Background.png
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\Bin\Debug\DisplayingAlerts.dll
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\Bin\Debug\DisplayingAlerts.pdb
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\Bin\Debug\DisplayingAlerts.xap
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\obj\Debug\DisplayingAlerts.g.resources
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\obj\Debug\DisplayingAlerts.dll
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\obj\Debug\DisplayingAlerts.pdb
C:\Users\a-cobroo\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\DisplayingAlerts\DisplayingAlerts\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
